In chapter 6 of code, the book talks about a new historical character
and an invention they made that forever changed history and how
technology and computers function. His name was Samuel Finley Breese
Morse; a man born in 1791 in Charleston, Massachusetts. he was
multi-talented, doing multiple things in his lifetime ranging from
studying at yale, studying art and perfecting painting, running for
political office in New York, as well as do and teach
photography. More than any of those things, he was an inventor.

In a time where you could either communicate instantly or communite
over a long distance but not both at the same time, he saw a problem
that needed to be solved. What he invented was the starting stages of
a telagraph. Telagraph literally means "far writing". He started
experimenting with wires and circuits and relied on
electromagnetism. He worked with wrapping an iron bar until it became
a thin wire that a current could run through, thus making it act as a
magnet which attracts other pieced of iron and steel. Remove the
current, and the iron bar loses its magnetism.

Electromagnetism was the foundation of his invention. Without it,
energy was not produced. He used this first stage of the invention to
produce morse code. Holding down onto the machine for a long period
would produce a morse dash meanwhile holding it down even longer would
produce a dash. Then, a person who can read morse code can translate
to and from morse code with his invention.
