Chapter 10 of the book, code, speaks on the origin of boolean and its
creator, George Boole, an englishman born in 1815. He was a man born
in a time period where it was hard to work and get out of your social
class. However, he had an inquisitive mind and helpful family that
helped him work out of his class and became the first professor of
Mathematics at Queen's College. In his lifetime, he invented a kind of
algebra that looks exactly like the algebra we use today. Operations are very similar to the
algebra we know today. The usage of alphabets in arithmetical
statements still exists and is very relevant today.

Substition, the usage of the alphabet in equations, PEMDAS, and other
operations are a part of the math that exists today because of
Boole. The book then relates the concept of mathematical operations to
circuits. With circuits, logic is everything. The circuit must
identify which switch is on and off and from there, decide what the
result is. For example: we can say 0 means that the light is not on
and 1 means it is. Using just 0 and 1, we can create a table with all
the possibilities of mixing the two numbers and the combination that
consits of 1 and 1 is where the light will switch on.

Although George Boole never worked with or wired circuits, he saw the
vision of seeing a boolean expression being utalized with
electricity(wires, switches, etc). Before him, nobody had seen the
connection between boolean expression and the wiring of simple
switches. No mathematician, electrician, or telegraph operator had
seen the connection and made advancements in electricity and computing
like he was able to.
